Could you add a shake
animation to the button in
addition with a slide up animation?
>> At the same time, you cannot.
And so the reason that you can't do
it at the same time is just like we
talked about before, those are trying
to modify the same property.
So, let's actually try that,
because I do want to provide
a solution for that as well.
Let's say that on the button.
Yeah, so I'm just gonna copy
over this button thing.
Actually, you know what,
I'll make it easy, I'll do it over here.
All right, so
let's say that we want to slide up but
we also want to shake as well.
So the problem over here is it's going to
take the second one, and it's only going
to shake because both of them are trying
to fight for that transform property or
yeah, the transform property and those
are gonna be in conflicts with each other.
So how do you solve this?
Well, right now in CSS, you actually
have to wrap this in a wrapping class.
So, sorry, in a container elements.
So let me just put a div over here and
we're gonna call this, div button-wrapper.
Again, call it whatever you want, but
now if I have button-wrapper, and so
this is no longer the child.
So I'll just do that.
Then what we could do is we could apply
the shake animation to the button-wrapper,
and the slide-up animation to the button.
So if I do that, Now.
Interesting, so both should happen.
We do have the slide-up,
I probably took the delay off or
something like that, so
let's just remove that.
Yeah, that is what I did.
So here we go.
So, hopefully you saw that, and
this is why the Animation panel is really,
really useful.
But the shaking is
happening at the same time.
If I just reload this.
The shaking is happening at
the same time as the sliding up or
at least it should be.
Yeah, so you see it's shaking a little
[LAUGH] as we're sliding up to.
So yeah, the answer to that is if
you do wants nested animations,
use a container elements unless you're
animating different properties,
and in that case,
you could just use the same elements